dude i freaking love camping so much um
I got some on a heartbeat sensor I'll be
right back okay could you pass my house
it's just that one look like where
oh this stuff's makes me feel horny
ah yeah they look it up getting porn
again TV oh oh oh fuck off is you picked
a homo hang on dude I'm almost done oh
oh oh oh stop oh oh ok I'm done which
was everyone campaigners game I mean
honestly yeah it's just gay what wait
wait I got someone in a heartbeat sensor
oh my god Rick really yeah okay here
comes
uh I get a mocha latte
one sec
you are there may be a 175 a
oh yeah oh my brownies puh my brownies
big boy oh I always hear the straight
one of the house oh this is the first
hunt you've ever been on no just read
what I've told you oh yeah ok rap bring
it here ok yeah you're here come summer
here comes something get ready ok and
hit it hey Johnson headshot yeah you
just shot a person we need to get out of
here you're grounded did I get the
shovel
yes sir when I do for you today um I
hear there's a storm coming in so I'm
here to stock up on some good movies for
you sheltered into my house okay moves
are you looking for um where's your
naughty section uh I beg your pardon
what do you mean about your gay porn
section oh that's right you have in here
let's go
oh man insurance doesn't cover this that
bourbon stuck in this situation before
it atg to recover the Phantom RPGs
random grenades at bags with c4 however
we do not ensure like together car
crashes but like that will ever happen
the poet ensure was a 2g like beating
insurance for ecology
for what the fuck